Oh
[Music]
hello look I am hunting today
it is sunny the weather is nice and
empty I'm sitting in a pond you just
hunting you just quite a pro hunting it
started raining it's a little bit
miserable now eat just now take your
driver's seat the captain of this boat
and everything that sadly really no good
morning everybody I have just had
breakfast I am sitting in the kitchen no
one else is around this morning but I'm
expecting everyone's going off to
lectures or having a lion one of the two
I need to go get dressed
yeah I just got a couple of lectures
this morning I'm also supposed to be
buying a made ball ticket for Pembroke
maple at 10 o'clock today when they go
on general release I'm stressed about
that in case they all sell out read it
quickly and also stress because that's
normally the time when I'm cycling to
lectures so I need to cycle that early
which is quite a tall order for me
because I'm really bad at being early
hello everyone so it's Wednesday and
it's my last day of lectures and I'm
just about to head off to my last ever 9
a.m. lecture I can't believe that it's
my last lecture ever like I don't have
lectures next term so after today I'm
going to have learn or learn all my
content for this year and I look like
I'm getting really emotional about it
but it's just my eyes watering
I just put my contact lenses in so I can
see I'm gonna head now so I'm just about
on time for my last 9 a.m. lecture got 4
lectures today so going out with a bang
lots of lectures in a row but then I'm
gonna be rowing this afternoon and I'm
actually going to be rowing not coaxing
so doing a bit of exercise hopefully it
stays sunny cuz the Sun is out at the
moment and that'll be quite a pleasant
afternoon
hello everyone's back in my room I don't
think it's quite sunk in that that was
my last ever set of lectures I'm just so
used to having lectures every day and
that's me done for term in terms of
contact hours teaching hours I do have a
meeting tomorrow at the asteroid
Department which is a feedback meeting
where everyone on my course who's gonna
give feedback we will fill that feedback
forms but tomorrow would be our chance
to just discuss it in person and there's
gonna be the senior examiner present as
well he'll be able to clarify the
examination setup and all that so
that'll be useful to know so I am gonna
still head to the Department tomorrow
but I don't have any more work to do I
am planning on staying in Cambridge for
a week into the holiday just because I
want to make the most of the rest of my
time in Cambridge I really do love it
here and my accommodation has a long
license which means I have it over the
whole of the holiday so it's literally
paid for anyway I'll still be home for
three or four weeks when I finally go
back so it's not as if I'm not gonna
have any time at home over the holiday
and I also really like the library here
there's some really good study spaces in
Cambridge so I'm just gonna make the
most of that and stay here for an extra
week is the plan the last few days I've
definitely dialed down the work though
and I think I will continue to do that
for the next few days just while my
friends are still around cause I've got
to make the most of the time I can spend
with them it won't be long before all
scattered across the country again and
it'll be difficult to meet up so yeah
and this afternoon I mentioned this
earlier I'm going on a rowing outing
just cuz I want to row next time because
it's gonna be sunny weather and it'll be
pleasant and it'll be a good break from
revision because otherwise I just won't
leave my room because I don't have
lectures I'm about to edit a vlog I'm
just taking it a bit chill this
afternoon might do some work this
evening after dinner we'll see but yeah
I'm feeling positive kind of I don't
know I'm just trying not to stress
because I told myself I was not going to
go into full-on stress mode this year I
want to get to exam season stay sane I
am gonna get on with my afternoon that
I'll see you guys later at some point
here we see page and a boat right page
you're gonna spin us around okay okay we
just spin it again this is the battle is
winning the bay okay hello everyone I am
doing a face mask as you can tell so I
can't move my face that much because it
has dried but anyway I am editing I had
a meeting this morning where exam
arrangements have all been clarified and
now I understand how its marked and
what's being set so that's all good
this afternoon the goal is to finish
editing a video for tomorrow and also to
do some more work on my competing
projects and then I'll probably do
something fun this evening with my
friends I'm sorry if you can't take me
seriously looking like this I find it
hard to take myself seriously most of
the time but we've come out to Nando's
dinner I'm very excited I've been to
Nando's in over a year
yeah okay asteroids we are at quit night
quite well he's a little bit bright so
good going hello everyone so I'm sorry I
haven't spoken to you guys today I had a
great time last night at Robinson
College quiz night second time we've
been to one actually won some prizes
this time not for like our quiz
knowledge because we came 12th I think
out 15 teams to be fair the rounds were
quite wacky and I I don't think it was a
fair reflection on our skills you know
we were just unlucky but we did manage
to guess what was in the history books
which met me once and prizes these
prizes ranged from play-doh to some
coloring crayons to a tennis ball to a
dog toy it's very exciting
however today I have not been feeling
too great I've caught like that kind of
headache in the middle of your head I
happened you a winter illness I haven't
had one in recent months I also feel
really blocked up got a runny nose so
yes definitely feel a cold coming on
it's obviously not great timing because
we've got coronavirus favored 19 going
round I'm hoping this is not coronavirus
but if I wake up tomorrow with a
persistent cough then things aren't
gonna look great but yeah it's just
meant I've spent most of my day in my
room today haven't really made an effort
to go out with my friends just cuz I've
been feeling a bit rubbish I've got some
editing done I'm still in high spirits
you know had dinner with my friends this
evening now a lot of them have gone out
to a party I opted not to go to this
party number one reason being I'm
slightly ill number two reason is it's a
gathering and it looks like a lot of
gatherings are being cancelled at the
moment to try and prevent spread of
Korena virus social distancing and all
that and I don't know I just feel it's
wise not to mix with groups of people
and have these sorts of things at the
moment it's all looking very unser
turn with the coronavirus situation at
the moment we've literally been told
take all your work home when you go home
for the Easter holiday because everyone
is traveling home for the Easter holiday
in the next week or so some of my
friends are even leaving tomorrow or the
day after tomorrow and I'm gonna be
going home hopefully in a week's time
and the colors have said take home all
your work with you so that you can
continue working from home it's a
possibility that they might shut down
college next term I might not come back
to Cambridge this year things like my
balls could be canceled graduation could
be canceled exams who knows what's
happening with those but they could be
cancelled or moved online or I don't
know like it's gonna be hard for them to
make it fair I think it's quite likely
that a lot of lectures are going to be
moved online I'm not so much worried
about myself because I'm young if sorry
for me hopefully it's likely symptoms
will be mild if I got coronavirus but
I'm more concerned about the people I'd
then pass it on to and all the kind of
vulnerable members of our society my
older family members I care about so
yeah it's all a bit upsetting I also
don't know how to feel right now because
this could be at the end of my time in
Cambridge and I have loved my time here
so so much I'm not trying to get
emotional right now but it's just
leaving my friends like not living with
my friends and seeing them every day
it's gonna be so weird and like even the
work and all the activities I do here I
just I love it and the thought of not
even coming back next term it's just
devastating it's just a sad way to end
things really what can you do I suppose
it's the least of our worries at the
moment I don't know when this vlog will
be going up because there is a delay
between me filming and editing but it'll
probably be a few weeks time and I'm
sure the situation will have changed in
a few weeks time to what it is right now
but currently the UK government is
saying you must self isolate if you have
a persistent cough or a high temperature
which are the symptoms of Korean virus
sorry to leave this vlog on a sad night
I am going to sign off here thank you
very much for watching please give the
video a like subscribe to my channel to
keep
watching videos from me and yeah I'll
see you soon with another video bye guys
[Music]
you